
Task 
-------
1. Implement UI for Training Parameter  in Factsheet Page.
2. Implement Model Section in Factsheet Page .
3. Implement Ai Migration Page  in AiGovernace.
4. Worked on Error Handling both for Ui Side and Api Side(bff layer) for External Model Page , Ai Use Case Page ,
    General Setting Page, Report, Inventory Page in AiGovernace.
5. Fixes Security Issue Raised By Pentest Team,
6. Implement End to End All Accessebility Related Task For All almost 690 Accessebility issue in all  the pages handle by us .
7. Implement CpdAssistMe Feature for CPD and Cloud. 
8. Fixes All the defect related to Ui, design,Security and WebAccessbility .
9. Continuous engaging and participating  in the Ai Governance Channel to support the client and customer.
10. Continueus Giving Support to our team mate who ever asking for help.
11. Completed all learning assignment on timely and pricisaly
12. Fixes All defect assign to me on time and pricisely


Activities
----------
1. Took a session on Web Accessebility. Where we discussed how to write  proper code which make our webpage ARIA (Accessible Rich Internet Applications).
2. Created a well Organized Document Related to Accessebility Feature . which will use by other team member to fixes the accessibility Defect.

Bussiness OutCome 
-------------------
1. Impleted End to End Feature of Web  Accessibility for all AiGovernace page . 
     1. Which is helpfull to access the page for physical deformities, cognitive impairments, and ordinary people.
     2. Accessible websites ensure you reach more social groups, growing your customer base in the long term. Especially with inaccessible websites missing out on 15-20% of potential clients, an accessible site broadens your market penetration.
     3. Helps develop an innovative business mindset
     4. Improves Our  brand reputation
     5. Helps to  reach a broader audience

2. Cpd assistMe Feature give on page support for the Bussiness client and customer which will help to easily understand the work flow of Product.
3. Worked on Security Issue to  Make Our WebPage More Secure


Skill Learn
--------------
1. Learn Basic Java , Redux ToolKit Query ,Basic Docker, React


